{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red100\green100\blue100;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi426\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs18\par
\par
When you start a process, Avanti opens this window and writes relevant info to it.\par
When the process finishes this info is saved into a log file that you can call up.\par
 \par
Avanti uses templates to set up encoding for the most common video formats like;\par
mpeg2, xvid, x264, flv, etc. You can load them from the top left button menu. \par
 \par
Avanti supports context sensitive help. Press <F1> on open windows, selected pages\par
and option boxes. This will (often) direct you to the relevant help section.\par
 \par
For most of the advanced options, you need to have Avisynth installed but for the\par
many Avisynth AUTO mode options you don't need to be familiar with Avisynth.\par
 \par
FFmpeg can also be used as a "audio only" encoder and Avanti fully supports this\par
with a number of useful audio related Avisynth options. Simply load a audio clip\par
at "Source 1" and disable the video settings section.\par
 \par
Avanti can batch process any number of clips. Its "Job Control Manager" may have\par
a steeper learning curve but it offers much more than most other applications.\par
Dynamic template usage, extensive error logging and the option to shutdown your\par
computer after it finished makes it a very powerful tool.\par
 \par
When you contract this window again, right-click on the "Start process" button for\par
a process related option menu.\par
 \par
You can click on the green status line below at any time to switch between Report\par
and Log window.\par
\par
}
 